update documentation (#2)
callbellchat/callbell-public-docs: docs/api_reference/auth_api/introduction.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

> Auth API allows to authenticate from external APIs.

Reviewer: This is not 100% correct, right? Since authorization is implicit in the token. Maybe this should be `verify that an API token is valid`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth API allows to verify that the provided API token is valid and ready to be used.
```
